fix(validator): reject block signing when signing key mismatches genesis validator key (#2203)
0xMiden/node: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

- Fixed trace exports not supporting TLS [#2199](#https://github.com/0xMiden/node/pull/2199).

> - Fixed validator silently signing blocks with a key that does not match the genesis validator key, which caused the block producer to reject block 1 with `InvalidSignature` [#2203](https://github.com/0xMiden/node/pull/2203).

Reviewer: Technically not what this is improving.

We should also add this "continuity check", where we fetch the latest block header from the db and check that the configured key matches the pub key of the latest block. This prevents misconfiguring the validator. In the future we would need to improve this to allow for key rotation, but for now this is a good thing to add?

```suggestion
- Ensure that the proposed block's validator key matches our own before signing [#2203](https://github.com/0xMiden/node/pull/2203).
```
